Develop Section (#1099)
near/docs: docs/2.develop/contracts/environment/environment.md

### Predecessor and Signer

> The `predecessor` is the account that called the method in the contract. Meanwhile, the `signer` is the account that _signed_ the transaction to begin with.

Reviewer: As a non english speaker, I prefer something closer to "that derived in such method call" than the succinct "to begin with".

Reviewer 2: I'd go with:
```
The `predecessor` is the account that called the method in the contract. Meanwhile, the `signer` is the account that _signed_ the initial transaction.
```

In most scenarios you will **only need the predecessor**. However, there are situations in which the signer is very useful. For example, when adding [NFTs](../../relevant/nft.md) into [this marketplace](https://github.com/near-examples/nft-tutorial/blob/7fb267b83899d1f65f1bceb71804430fab62c7a7/market-contract/src/nft_callbacks.rs#L42), the contract checks that the `signer`, i.e. the person who generated the transaction chain, is the NFT owner.
:::

---

## Balances and Attached NEAR

During a method execution the environment gives you access to three token-related parameters, all expressed in yocto nears (1 yⓃ = 10<sup>-24</sup>Ⓝ):
During a method execution, the environment gives you access to three token-related parameters, all expressed in yoctoNEAR (1 Ⓝ = 10<sup>24</sup>yⓃ):

### Attached Deposit

`attached_deposit` represents the amount of yocto NEARs the user attached to the call. This amount gets deposited immediately in your contract's account, and **is automatically returned to the** `predecessor` **if the method panics**.

> :::warning

Reviewer: I would keep a warning, since it is one of the main sources of error.

### Block Index

The `block_index` represents the index of the block in which this transaction will be added to the blockchain

---

## Gas

> Your smart contract has a limited number of computational resources to use on each call. Such resources are measured in [Gas](broken). Gas can be thought of as wall compute time. 1 PetaGas (1_000 TGas) is ~1 second of compute time. Each code instruction costs a certain amount of Gas, and if you run out of it, the execution halts with the error message `Exceeded the prepaid gas`.

Reviewer: Gas can be thought of as wall time, where 1 PetaGas (1,000 TGas) is ~1 second of compute time.

> Your smart contract has a limited number of computational resources to use on each call. Such resources are measured in [Gas](broken). Gas can be thought of as wall compute time. 1 PetaGas (1_000 TGas) is ~1 second of compute time. Each code instruction costs a certain amount of Gas, and if you run out of it, the execution halts with the error message `Exceeded the prepaid gas`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Your smart contract has a limited number of computational resources to use on each call. Such resources are measured in [Gas](/concepts/basics/transactions/gas). Gas can be thought of as wall compute time. 1 PetaGas (1_000 TGas) is ~1 second of compute time. Each code instruction costs a certain amount of Gas, and if you run out of it, the execution halts with the error message `Exceeded the prepaid gas`.
```

Through the environment you get access to two gas-related arguments.

### Prepaid Gas

`prepaid_gas` represents the amount of Gas the `predecessor` attached to this call. It cannot exceed the limit 300TGas (300 * 10<sup>12</sup> Gas).

### Used Gas

`used_gas` contains the amount of Gas that has been used so far. It is useful to estimate the Gas cost of running a method.

:::tip

> If you already [estimated the Gas](https://docs.near.org/docs/concepts/gas#accurate-estimates-with-automated-tests) a method needs, you can ensure it never runs out of Gas by using `assert`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you already [estimated the Gas](/concepts/basics/transactions/gas#accurate-estimates-with-automated-tests) a method needs, you can ensure it never runs out of Gas by using `assert`
```

<Tabs className="language-tabs">
  <TabItem value="rs" label="🦀 Rust">

  ```rust
  const REQUIRED_GAS: Gas = Gas(20_000_000_000_000); // 20 TGas
  assert!(env::prepaid_gas() >= REQUIRED_GAS, "Please attach at least 20 TGas");
  ```
  </TabItem>
  <TabItem value="as" label="🚀 Assemblyscript">

  ```ts
  const TGas: u64 = 1000000000000;
  assert(context.prepaidGas >= 20*TGas, "Please attach at least 20 TGas");
  ```
  </TabItem>
</Tabs>

:::

:::warning

> When doing [cross-contract calls](broken) always make sure that the callback has enough Gas to fully execute any error handling.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When doing [cross-contract calls](/develop/contracts/crosscontract) always make sure that the callback has enough Gas to fully execute any error handling.
```
